{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0     Text for gifs.\
    1.    Each correct word increases score by 1. 5 correct words increase word length by 1 letter.\
     Each \'abSkip\'bb button pressing decrease score by 1.Every 5 incorrect words decrease word length by 1 letter. When the score is 0, each \'abSkip\'bb button pressing decreases life by 1. When 1 life left - \'abSkip\'bb button changes to \'abRestart\'bb (pressing restart calls game over and starts a new game). \
   2.    Game over - when timer seconds become 0.\
    3.    When the user sets the first record - an alert message prompts the user to enter a name and save the score to the server (Firebase). Also \'abOk\'bb button pressing saves new record locally to the mobile device. Then the modal screen shows the user score from the server and the user\'92s result is highlighted. \
    4.    Update the user\'92s record on the server. Then modal screen loads scores from the server.\
    5.    In Settings screen user can choose one or more categories of words to play. \
    6.    The scoreboard screen shows the user all scores from the firebase server. While results are loading, the activity indicator shows on the screen. When it\'92s done, the user\'92s result is highlighted.\
    7.    The activity indicator shows the status message \'abWaiting for network\'bb when no internet connection.}